Question
 - [x] Develop FrontEnd or Backend first:Do it in parallel mode. 

### Project Folder Structure
- Seperate client and server side folder. 
- Have Node Modules and package.json for both frontend and backend.
- nodemon is going to track every file change and restart the backend server. install as  dev dependency
- Follow MVC design for backend structure.

### URL Parameters
- for example `http://example.com?name=Fred&age=11`. 
You always have a question mark (?) separating the rest of the URL 
from the URL parameters, an equals sign (=) separating each name from 
its associated value, and an ampersand (&) separating each pair.
- Client-side cookies. Cookies contain session data about the client, including keys that the server can use to determine their login status and permissions/accesses to resources.

### Route Path
Route paths can also be string patterns. String patterns use a form of regular expression syntax to define patterns of endpoints that will be matched. The syntax is listed below (note that the hyphen (-) and the dot (.) are interpreted literally by string-based paths):

? : The endpoint must have 0 or 1 of the preceding character (or group), e.g. a route path of '/ab?cd' will match endpoints acd or abcd.
+ : The endpoint must have 1 or more of the preceding character (or group), e.g. a route path of '/ab+cd' will match endpoints abcd, abbcd, abbbcd, and so on.
* : The endpoint may have an arbitrary string where the * character is placed. E.g. a route path of '/ab*cd' will match endpoints abcd, abXcd, abSOMErandomTEXTcd, and so on.
  () : Grouping match on a set of characters to perform another operation on, e.g. '/ab(cd)?e' will perform a ?-match on the group (cd) — it will match abe and abcde.

## to-do 
- UI and API test
- Unit Test
- Setup Github Action and Drone CI 
- 